[DO NOT MERGE] feat(telemetry): feature docs (#6827)
vercel/turbo: docs/pages/repo/docs/telemetry.mdx

---
title: Turborepo Telemetry
description: Anonomous telemetry for Turborepo
---

# Telemetry

Vercel Inc. (Vercel) may collect anonymous telemetry data about your use of Turborepo as explained below.

> Telemetry data allows us to monitor and improve Truborepo and the Vercel platform by collecting data about its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telemetry data allows us to monitor and improve Turborepo and the Vercel platform by collecting data about its
```

usage and host information. The data may be used to identify, troubleshoot, or respond to issues
that impact users.

Participation in this anonymous program is optional, if you do not want telemetry data collected, you may opt-out (see below).

## Why

> Telemetry allows us to accurately gauge Turborepo feature usage, pain points, and customization across all users.
> This data enables us to better tailor Turborepo to the masses, ensuring its continued growth, relevance, and best-in-class developer experience.
> Furthermore, this data allows us to verify if improvements are improving the baseline of all applications.

Reviewer: suggested rephrase:

```suggestion
Turborepo Telemetry enables us to
-  measure feature usage and gauge user-customization to understand pain points and set priorities.
- tailor Turborepo to all users, ensuring best-in-class developer experience.
- and verify that changes are improving the baseline of all applications.
```
